_manual/options/preferences-display.md, before:

<!-- START PREFERENCES {THE DISPLAY TAB] ----- -->
### The Display Tab

![Preferences - The Display tab]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/options/preferences-display-01.png){:.pic-l}

The Display tab allows you to change how TV&nbsp;Rename looks. Its effects are purely visual, it does not change functionality.

*Double-click in When to Watch does:*
Controls the double-click action in the _**[When to watch]({{ site.baseurl }}/manual/user#when-to-watch "Read about When to watch")**_ tab. Its options are _Search_ or _Scan_.

_Default: **Search**_

The *Startup Tab:* selects which tab you wish open when TV&nbsp;Rename loads. _**My&nbsp;Shows**_, _**Search**_ or _**When to Watch**_.

_Default: **My Shows**_

The _Show Notification Area_ and _Show in Taskbar_ interact, one of them **must** be ticked. If you try to un-tick both the option you are modifying clears, but the other one automatically sets.

If _Show in Taskbar_ is selected TV&nbsp;Rename's icon appears in the Windows taskbar.<br />
If _Show Notification Area_ is selected TV&nbsp;Rename's icon appears in the System Tray. Right-clicking it will show an "Upcoming Shows" list, and double clicking restores the main window.<br />
Both boxes can be ticked, in which case you get both functionalities.

| _Defaults:_ | |
| Show Notification Area | _**Un-ticked**_ |
| Show in Taskbar | _**Ticked**_ |

_Show episode pictures in episode guides_ Does what-it-says-on-the-tin, if ticked, screen grabs from show episodes are displayed with the episode description in the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab. If un-ticked only the episode description is displayed.

_Default: **Ticked**_

_Hide Spoilers in My Shows_ hides the display of summaries of yet to be broadcast episodes (with a suitable message) in the _**My Shows**_  tab

_Default: **Un-ticked**_

*Hide Spoilers in When To Watch* hides the display of summaries of yet to be broadcast episodes (with a suitable message) in the _**When to watch**_ tab

_Default:_ _**Un-ticked**_

Bearing in mind that we are in the _**Display**_ tab, the next option _Move "The" to the end of show names_ only affects the display of the show list in the _My Shows_ tab and **not** the contents of the library.

If ticked show names starting with "The" will be displayed and sorted with ", The" at the end. For example, "The Hollow Crown" would be listed as "Hollow Crown, The" and displayed with the other shows starting with "H"

_Default:_ _**Un-ticked**_ 

*Automatically select show and season in My&nbsp;Shows*
If ticked this works for both the _**When to watch**_ and _**Scan**_ tabs. If an item is selected in either of these tabs the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab is automatically updated to highlight the indicated show and season.

_Default:_ _**Ticked**_

The _Season Name_ and _Leading 0 on Season numbers_ options allow you control of the season text and number display in the _**My Shows**_ tab.

If you have a large catalogue of TV Shows that you want to keep on the system, the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab can become somewhat cluttered. _Show Colouring_ can help by applying some order...

With _Show Colouring_ you can change the color of the text on the left hand pane of the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab depending on the status of the show or the show season.

To create a record:-
* Expand the _"Status:"_ drop-down at the bottom of the window and select the status you wish to match from the list.
* Select a color to associate with the status by either entering a web-safe color name or code in the _"Text Color:"_ box or clicking `Select Colour` and choosing from the pallet.
* Click the `Add` button and your new entry will appear the box above.

For example: to make finished shows less obtrusive in _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ expand the _"Status:"_ drop-down and select _"Show Status: Ended"_, in the _"Text Color:"_ box type _"#808080"_ and click `Add`. Back in the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab; text for shows that have finished will be light grey and less obtrusive.

If you wish to remove a rule from the list just select it and click `Remove`.

{:.toplink}
[Return to Top]()
<!-- END PREFERENCES {THE DISPLAY TAB] ------- -->

Commit message:

added Show Basic Shows Detail to display preferences

_manual/options/preferences-display.md, after:

<!-- START PREFERENCES {THE DISPLAY TAB] ----- -->
### The Display Tab

![Preferences - The Display tab]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/images/options/preferences-display-01.png){:.pic-l}

The Display tab allows you to change how TV&nbsp;Rename looks. Its effects are purely visual, it does not change functionality.

*Double-click in When to Watch does:*
Controls the double-click action in the _**[When to watch]({{ site.baseurl }}/manual/user#when-to-watch "Read about When to watch")**_ tab. Its options are _Search_ or _Scan_.

_Default: **Search**_

The *Startup Tab:* selects which tab you wish open when TV&nbsp;Rename loads. _**My&nbsp;Shows**_, _**Search**_ or _**When to Watch**_.

_Default: **My Shows**_

The _Show Notification Area_ and _Show in Taskbar_ interact, one of them **must** be ticked. If you try to un-tick both the option you are modifying clears, but the other one automatically sets.

If _Show in Taskbar_ is selected TV&nbsp;Rename's icon appears in the Windows taskbar.<br />
If _Show Notification Area_ is selected TV&nbsp;Rename's icon appears in the System Tray. Right-clicking it will show an "Upcoming Shows" list, and double clicking restores the main window.<br />
Both boxes can be ticked, in which case you get both functionalities.

| _Defaults:_ | |
| Show Notification Area | _**Un-ticked**_ |
| Show in Taskbar | _**Ticked**_ |

_Show episode pictures in episode guides_ Does what-it-says-on-the-tin, if ticked, screen grabs from show episodes are displayed with the episode description in the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab. If un-ticked only the episode description is displayed.

_Default: **Ticked**_

_Hide Spoilers in My Shows_ hides the display of summaries of yet to be broadcast episodes (with a suitable message) in the _**My Shows**_  tab

_Default: **Un-ticked**_

*Hide Spoilers in When To Watch* hides the display of summaries of yet to be broadcast episodes (with a suitable message) in the _**When to watch**_ tab

_Default:_ _**Un-ticked**_

Bearing in mind that we are in the _**Display**_ tab, the next option _Move "The" to the end of show names_ only affects the display of the show list in the _My Shows_ tab and **not** the contents of the library.

If ticked show names starting with "The" will be displayed and sorted with ", The" at the end. For example, "The Hollow Crown" would be listed as "Hollow Crown, The" and displayed with the other shows starting with "H"

_Default:_ _**Un-ticked**_ 

*Automatically select show and season in My&nbsp;Shows*
If ticked this works for both the _**When to watch**_ and _**Scan**_ tabs. If an item is selected in either of these tabs the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab is automatically updated to highlight the indicated show and season.

_Default:_ _**Ticked**_

The _Season Name_ and _Leading 0 on Season numbers_ options allow you control of the season text and number display in the _**My Shows**_ tab.

Ticking the _Show Basic Shows Detail_ box  will force TV&nbsp;Rename to revert to the older style display of data in the right hand panel of the _**My Shows**_ tab, which may behave better on smaller screens, slower pc's and slower internet connections.

_Default:_ _**Un-ticked**_

If you have a large catalogue of TV Shows that you want to keep on the system, the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab can become somewhat cluttered. _Show Colouring_ can help by applying some order...

With _Show Colouring_ you can change the color of the text on the left hand pane of the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab depending on the status of the show or the show season.

To create a record:-
* Expand the _"Status:"_ drop-down at the bottom of the window and select the status you wish to match from the list.
* Select a color to associate with the status by either entering a web-safe color name or code in the _"Text Color:"_ box or clicking `Select Colour` and choosing from the pallet.
* Click the `Add` button and your new entry will appear the box above.

For example: to make finished shows less obtrusive in _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ expand the _"Status:"_ drop-down and select _"Show Status: Ended"_, in the _"Text Color:"_ box type _"#808080"_ and click `Add`. Back in the _**My&nbsp;Shows**_ tab; text for shows that have finished will be light grey and less obtrusive.

If you wish to remove a rule from the list just select it and click `Remove`.

{:.toplink}
[Return to Top]()
<!-- END PREFERENCES {THE DISPLAY TAB] ------- -->
